Although the collaborator did not seem very
happy in the rehearsals he finally
encouraged himself and gave it his all on stage his
godmother was drag Pandora who
lent him one of her outfits the only bad thing
is that Kiko's platforms
were apparently too small for him at
first he did not want to wear the costume
because it revealed his rear attributes and
the collaborator complained that he had not
even been paid to do that
but all that was left behind when ki
cabrono came out on stage and he had fun
like never before but he could hardly move in
the holy platforms that according to the
collaborator were breaking his
toes because they were two sizes smaller than
his shoe size at the end of his
performance Lydia went up on stage
and congratulated him Lozano still
angry with Matamoros threw a dig at him
because he confessed that he had told Germán to pay
attention to everything so that he would
make a new video but when leaving the
set Ma suffered a terrible fall that
left him on the ground the first thing
Kiko did was take off the platforms and
stand up Lidia Kiko could have
killed Vázquez commented to Lozano
man, we're on a roll,
Lidia replied Imagine that you're
about to go to the other neighborhood and the
last image you see is that of Lidia, she
points at Jorge Javier Well, look, I
would have left with the regret of having
fought with her, Kiko confessed, giving
Lozano a kiss
[Music]